# Arrival in Nameless
The coalition delegation arrives in the Shadesmar town of Nameless, where they will continue their journey on foot.

## Details
Two weeks after departing #[Urithiru](locations/urithiru) by barge, the coalition delegation spots land at the town of #[Nameless](locations/nameless). #[Shallan](characters/shallan) volunteers to scout out the town and #[Adolin](characters/adolin) performs a kata with Maya until Shallan returns, having spotted nothing unusual. Seeing an opportunity to contact Mraize while alone, Shallan also volunteers to stay with the barge while everyone else goes ashore. With Pattern on lookout, Shallan uses her cube to speak with Mraize. She tries to trade for information on the cube, then reports that they are being watched by some corrupted spren. After telling her that there is nothing to report on events at Urithiru or in Emul, Mraize tells her to keep watching the corrupted gloryspren; in doing so, he seems to confirm to Shallan that Beryl is the spy. Veil is suspicious however

Meanwhile, Adolin enters the town with a small group of his soldiers, and is transfixed by the different varieties of spren. Maya notices a deadeye standing in front of a shop, and her insistent focus causes Adolin to approach the shop and engage the shopkeeper in conversation. The inkspren tells Adolin the Cryptic deadeye's story, disturbing him greatly when he realizes she has been killed recently. As he turns to go, Godeke jogs up to tell him about a caravan of humans. Adolin goes to investigate a caravan of humans camped outside of Nameless. After trying several languages, one speaks to them in broken Alethi to tell them they do not want to talk. Adolin and Godeke agree that the group is definitely Tukari and leave pondering the implications of such a fact. As they approach the barge again, Adolin recognizes Notum. Adolin tells the honorspren about their diplomatic mission, and Notum tries to get him to see how futile he thinks the mission will be. They argue over the Recreance, and Maya growls when Adolin states that the other honorspren should listen to Syl since they think she is so precious. Adolin calls out to Notum as he leaves, referring to him as a ship's captain. Notum in turn tells him about his punishment following his decision to let their group go free prior to the #[Battle of Thaylen Field](events/the-battle-of-thaylen-field). He asks if they at least saved Dalinar, and Adolin is forced to admit that it had actually ended up being the other way around. Notum promises to counsel against their mission should they meet again on the road, but Adolin's resolve is only strengthened. 

## Metadata
| Field | Value |
| ----- | ----- |
| chapter | *Rhythm of War* Ch. 29 & 30 |
