# Navani produces anti-Light
Navani is able to produce the inverse of Odium's rhythm, and with Raboniel uses it to create anti-Voidlight. Raboniel subsequently uses the Light to kill her daughter, and gives orders to produce anti-Stormlight.

## Details
#[Navani's](characters/navani) work has consumed her to the point where sleeping and eating is a distraction. She obsesses over the tones, the rhythms, the numbers, the patterns. She is seeking an exact opposite of the wave that represents #[Odium’s](characters/odium) rhythm which would nullify it through destructive interference. Finally, the tone is exactly right, and she watches as the sound pushes Voidlight out of its sphere.

She attempts to hide her discovery from those watching her as she seeks a Light that would produce the sound. The day after her discovery, Raboniel comes to check on her, asking about the sound that her guards say is so terrible. Initially, Navani manages to deflect Raboniel’s questioning, but as Raboniel goes to leave, she sees the new plates that create the new tone and she tests them. She watches as the sound forces out the Voidlight, and she says she felt the Voidlight in her gemheart respond. Raboniel reviews Navani’s notes while Navani explains what she is doing: Navani believes that Voidlight echoes Odium’s tone, and that by transferring Voidlight from one sphere to another in a vacuum, it will not be able to hear a tone to echo--until it hears Navani playing the anti-Voidlight tone against the new sphere. The experiment works, and the end sphere has a warping to it; Raboniel screams when she touches it, though Navani cannot tell a difference. Navani leaves Raboniel in the room, and soon, as Navani hoped, she hears an explosion as Raboniel tries to mix Voidlight with anti-Voidlight. Raboniel survives and has Navani make another gemstone immediately. Raboniel affixes it to one of the daggers in such a way that it would force the anti-Voidlight outward, not inward, and then uses it to stab her daughter. Raboniel hums as she holds her dying daughter. Navani realizes that this will end the rebirth cycle and that Raboniel didn't want to kill Odium--she wanted to free her daughter. Raboniel takes Navani's notebook, saying that she will make a copy for Navani to keep, but that she needs to do the same for Stormlight. Navani is horrified, but Raboniel says that she has told her all along that her goal was to end the war, and that means killing spren so they can no longer bond more Radiants. 

## Metadata
| Field | Value |
| ----- | ----- |
| chapter | *Rhythm of War* Ch. 97|
