# Lasting Integrity
**Lasting Integrity** is the honorspren capital in Shadesmar. The fortress is located in the southern section of the #[Sea of Souls](locations/sea-of-souls), near the #[Nexus of Imagination](locations/nexus-of-imagination), the #[Expanse of Vibrance](locations/expanse-of-vibrance), and Brilliance Eternal. Lasting Integrity sits on a cliff overlooking a northern bay that is part of the Astral Banks, the reflection of the country of #[Tukar](locations/tukar). 

It is several hundreds of feet tall, rectangular and made of blue stone. The building is hollow in the middle, with no roof, and stands on its smaller side, pointing upwards into the sky. It is in a highly strategic position, and gives the impression that it has been deliberately fortified. Visitors must cross a bridge to reach the entrance and guards stand watch outside of the walls. The outside wall is sheer, with no windows or ornamentation. On top of the fortress are battlements, and a guardrail to prevent people from falling. The internal dimensions of the tower are large enough that someone can stand on the battlements and see the bottom of the fortress without the structures on the walls completely impeding their view. 

Gravity works differently within Lasting Integrity, with each internal wall having its own gravitational 'field' that allows people to treat each internal surface as if they were the ground. When someone changes from one plane to another, their sense of gravity will switch to align with the new surface they are on.
