# The coaltion delegation departs
Adolin leads the coalition delegation to the honorspren into Shadesmar, where the group boards a peakspren ship for the first leg of their journey.

## Details
As #[Adolin](characters/adolin) is trying to decide what to wear into Shadesmar, #[Shallan](characters/shallan) walks in and gives him a hard time over taking so much time to choose. Later, joining those waiting at the Oathgate platform, Adolin gives his armorers instructions on what to do with his Plate should it not transfer. He speaks with Beryl before turning his attention to Gallant. Godeke, walking up, is treated to an exposition of the swords Adolin is bringing; when the Edgedancer makes his escape, Zu contends that Adolin should just get a Shardblade by becoming a Radiant. With the Stump's arrival, the whole team is there. Adolin watches as #[Jasnah](characters/jasnah) observes the Lightweavers perform one last test by Soulcasting obsidian into lavis grain. After their successful attempts, #[Dalinar](characters/dalinar) addresses the group. They applaud politely, then listen as Jasnah and #[Taravangian](characters/taravangian) also speak to them. The group enters the control building, leaving Adolin and Dalinar alone. Dalinar stiffly tries to tell Adolin not to make his same mistakes while Adolin, feeling misunderstood and belittled, avoids giving vent to his blocked-up anger over his mother's death. Dalinar leaves his son with the expectation that he will become a Radiant, and Adolin joins the others. Shallan transfers them into Shadesmar with Pattern. 

Adolin thanks the gatekeepers as the group regards their surroundings. He takes a count of everyone, and then Shallan points out Maya to him. He hurries over and greets her, then takes her around and introduces her to everyone, defending his actions to an inquisitive Dreaming-though-Awake. Afterwards, while redistributing the load on Gallant, Adolin notices that the horse has a slight glowing afterimage. Adolin puts an arm around Shallan as they set off down the ramp. Pattern comes up behind them and hugs them both, exclaiming over having feet again. Adolin spends the trip down the ramp speaking with the members of the team. He gets a few scant details on Zu's past before having a discussion about the Almighty with Godeke and then speaking with Arshqqam via her spren's translation. After discussing their plan with Shallan for a bit, Ua'pam points out his cousin's barge to Adolin. They pay the peakspren and board the ship. After moving their possessions onto the deck, Adolin grooms Gallant; noticing Maya watching, he teaches her how to groom the Ryshadium. Checking her trunk, Shallan panics after recognizing that someone has used her cube, presumably to communicate with Mraize. 

## Metadata
| Field | Value |
| ----- | ----- |
| chapter | *Rhythm of War* Ch. 21 & 22 |
