# 沙兰招募一群逃兵
沙兰招募了一批逃兵，其中包括瓦沙尔、盖兹和阿红。她还拯救了缇恩的商队。

## Details
Determined to continue bringing hope to her brothers, Shallan began seeking ways to encourage each of them to take steps away from their vices and towards more positive activities. At the Middlefest Fair of 1170 Shallan put several of these plans into action after seizing an opportunity to leave her father's side when Lin and Malise began discussing the terms of a one-sided trade deal with Brightlord Revilar. Accompanied by a guard, Jix, Shallan sought out Eylita Tavinar and then delivered a message from her to Balat in the festival's gambling pavilion. Shallan revealed to Balat that she had seen the two eyeing one another and so had organized an opportunity for the two to meet and walk together. With Balat on his way to meet Eylita, Shallan returned to find her father concluding a meeting with an unfamiliar messenger who came with news from Helaran. The man gave a start of surprise upon seeing Shallan, and then dumped a powdery substance into his own cup before departing. When Shallan prodded for the news, Lin declared Helaran to be officially disinherited and named Nan Balat his heir. He then asked Shallan to speak with Wikim, who had refused to leave the family's carriage. Shallan took this opportunity to leave again, and found Wikim where he had been left. After discussing the family's battered state with Wikim, Shallan proffered several sheets of math problems related to highstorm timing calculations, which she had taken from her father's books and translated into glyphs. Seeing through her intent, Wikim belittled her efforts, but he could later be seen working the problems attentively and with a smile. 

Leaving the carriage feeling dejected, Shallan crossed paths with Helaran's messenger. The man, later revealed to be Wit, shared what little news he had of Helaran: that Shallan's brother was in good health, "doing things he finds very important," and keeping an eye on their father. He then began to ask pointed questions of Shallan, suggesting that he was aware of her family's brokenness and Shallan's Surgebinding abilities. After sharing a story about two blind men contemplating beauty, Wit asked Shallan to indulge him with her own definition of beauty. With some prompting, Shallan began to describe a idyllic scene of her family--all present, including her mother and eldest brother--in their gardens, interacting with one another in love and joy. As she spoke, Wit held out a handful of infused spheres, which Shallan subconsciously used to Lightweave the scene described. Realizing what she was doing, Shallan withdrew her abilities. Wit encouraged her, suggesting that their struggles are partially caused by an Unmade or some other supernatural force. Apparently satisfied with what he had discovered of her abilities, Wit then bowed, disclosed that Helaran was currently in Alethkar, and left.

跟随奴隶贩子图拉科夫前往破碎平原的途中，商队受到了匪徒的攻击。绝望中沙兰只身一人来到了附近的一群逃兵面前，恳请他们出手相助。她向逃兵们许诺荣誉和赦免，并用织光术增强了自己的威势，最终成功地说服了逃兵，带领他们击败了匪徒。此战之后，她收获了一批忠实的部下，摆脱了图拉科夫的掌控，解救了奴隶贩子手中的努力，还与另一只商队的护卫缇恩熟络了起来。此后直至破碎平原的旅途中，沙兰成为了这只混合团队的领袖。

## Metadata
| Field | Value |
| ----- | ----- |
| chapter | 《光辉真言》第20、21章 |
