# Navani discovers Warlight
Working with Raboneil, Navani discovers that harmonizing the rhythms of Stormlight and Voidlight allows for the two Lights to be combined into Warlight.

## Details
#[Navani](characters/navani) continues to try to get the Sibling to speak to her, repeatedly apologizing for her failure to realize that they were being spied on. Raboniel enters, and Navani is amazed to hear her reminisce about the shadowdays. She is so tired of the war and is dismissive of Navani’s suggestion of peace because their previous attempts had failed. Navani realizes that Raboniel’s desire to combine the Lights is related to her desire to end the war. They discuss her research progress, including Navani's realization that Stormlight responds to sound. She learns that Raboniel can hear the tone of Light, the same tone that she uses to get the Light to transfer spheres. Raboniel explains that there is a rhythm as well as a tone, and that Towerlight has two rhythms that work in harmony. Navani wonders if the rhythms of Stormlight and Voidlight could harmonize, but Raboniel says that Stormlight is too orderly and Voidlight too chaotic. Navani convinces her to try, Raboniel singing the rhythm and tone of Voidlight, and with some effort, Navani doing the same for Stormlight. Their two rhythms eventually come into harmony, and the two kinds of Light successfully mix and infuse the sphere. Raboniel recognizes the rhythm of the Light as the Rhythm of War and is shocked that the Lights did not destroy each other. Navani asks about her motivations, and Raboniel suggests that the discovery might allow them to kill a god--like how Honor was killed. Navani realizes that #[characters/Gavilar](characters/gavilar) had been looking for a way to kill a god. Even more, she realizes that he had discovered the opposite to Voidlight, and that that is what had been in the sphere that killed her scholars. Raboniel gets ready to leave, thanking Navani for her assistance and telling her that though Navani has earned her gratitude, she is not going to leave #[Urithiru](locations/urithiru). 

## Metadata
| Field | Value |
| ----- | ----- |
| chapter | 《纷争之韵》第76章 |
